Add alternative rightclick behavior overlay to `gui/design` (#1345)
DFHack/scripts: docs/gui/design.rst

Overlay
-------

This tool also provides two overlays that are managed by the `overlay` framework.

dimensions
~~~~~~~~~~

The ``gui/design.dimensions`` overlay shows the selected dimensions when designating
with vanilla tools, for example when painting a burrow or designating digging.

> The dimensions show up in a tooltip that follows the mousecursor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dimensions show up in a tooltip that follows the mouse cursor.
```
